hey guys my name is david and you are
watching stories told
today i am going to explain a horror
science fiction thriller movie called
the platform
please be aware the video contains
spoilers goring wakes up
and finds himself in a concrete cell
marked with the number 48.
a hole is in the middle of the cell he
looks down and sees it going several
stories down as well as up
his cellmate is an old man named
trimagasee
goring asks him about the purpose of the
whole and he tells him that it's for
feeding the inmates
goring tries to talk to the ones below
but trimagase immediately shuts him down
saying he shouldn't make conversation
with them because they're lesser
goring tries to draw the attention of
the ones above but once again he is shut
down by his cellmate telling him it is
unnecessary as the ones above won't
listen
goring finds out that the old man has
already spent many months at the
facility and that they're going to spend
exactly a month at their assigned level
suddenly the lights on the wall switches
from red to green and a platform comes
down from the upper level
the platform is crammed with leftovers
trimagassi immediately starts to gobble
on it but goring finds it disgusting
he picks out an untouched apple from the
pile of half-eaten food and decides to
keep it for later
the platform leaves their level and the
temperature in the room increases
trimagassi tells him it's going to
increase until he gets rid of the apple
as they are not allowed to keep the food
goring tells him he is there because he
wanted to quit smoking read don quixote
and after six months he even gets an
accredited diploma as well
trimagassi was very surprised to learn
that his cellmate is there voluntarily
the lights go off and goring watches the
platform traveling up with very high
speed
the next day he still refuses to eat the
leftovers he asks the old man about why
is he in the facility trimagase tells
him that he saw a teleshop ad in the tv
about a knife sharpener called samurai
max this product can make the bluntest
knives extremely sharp so sharp you can
even cut a brick with it
he states that he doesn't even use
knives that often but he was mesmerized
by the ad so he purchased one
the next day he saw another ad about a
knife that never goes blunt it sharpened
itself as it cut he became furious and
threw his tv out of the window
it fell on a man and he died instantly
they gave him a choice to go to a
psychiatric hospital or the hole
goring asks him about how many levels
are in the hole trimagassi says that at
least 132 because he was there once
goring is shocked by the fact that
people on the lower levels hardly get
any food he once again tries to call out
to the upper levels to ration their food
so everybody could have some even the
ones on the 100 plus levels or below
every inmate were allowed to bring one
item with them goring tells trimagassi
he chose the book as his one item and
asks the old man about his
with a smirk on his face trimagasi tells
him he chose the self-sharpening knife
on the third day goring finally bites
the bullet and eats the leftovers from
the platform
the next day while he is reading a man
jumps down the hole and hits their floor
while falling
goring seems shocked and helpless but
his cellmate is not even bothered by the
events he starts asking questions about
the old man's former cellmates he
assumes that he got assigned to
trimagase because he killed then ate his
cellmate when he was on the 132nd level
last month
their conversation is interrupted by the
platform arriving but this time a woman
sitting on it her name is miharu
and she comes down every month looking
for her child
trimagasi tells goring that she kills
her cellmates before coming down on the
platform so she has a chance of getting
reassigned with her son next month
the platform descends a level below and
the two men there tries to seize miharu
after a short brawl we can see that
miharu crawls back to the platform
the next couple of weeks we can see that
goring adapts to the habits of trimagasi
and starts to resemble him in his
actions as well
he's becoming less concerned about the
well-being of others below only focusing
on his own needs and pleasures
the two men starting to develop a
strange friendship even the last day
before the reassignment of cells they
chat about believing in god
on reassignment day goring wakes up
fully tied to his bed
he looks on the wall and notices that
they got assigned to level 171
trimagasi tries to calm him down and
explains to him that he only tied him up
as a precaution
he is younger and stronger than him and
he might kill him as the hunger grows
with the days passing by
he refers to goring as a little snail as
he will be carefully harvested just like
snails for escargot
he explains to him that on day 8 he will
start cutting little strips of flesh
from goring's body feeding on it and
even giving him his share of himself
the following days the two descends into
madness and the time finally comes for
the first harvesting of goring's meat
we can see the platform descending as
soon as the knife cuts into his thigh
from the platform miharu jumps down
bashing trimagusy's head with a bottle
and quickly slitting his throat
he frees goring and gives him the
self-sharpening knife finally free he
springs on his cell mate and brutally
murders him with his own knife
he passes out quickly after the events
took place he has a fever dream where he
feeds on the already rotting body of his
former cellmate
on the other side of the room trimagase
tells him he holds him accountable for
his actions
goring wakes up in relief noticing the
new level he got assigned to his 33.
his new cellmate is a woman named
imoguiri
and her dog is named rameses ii
she calls out goring by his name and
tells him about items people have asked
for in the hole
he recalls the interview about getting
into the facility since she was the
official who asked the questions
he's asked about his favorite food which
happens to be snail escargot the very
same dish that trimagasi was talking
about
back in the present he asks her about
how to get out of the hole
she replies that he cannot escape and
she is there voluntarily as well
she tells the official name for the hole
as vertical self-management center and
there are 200 levels in it she also
tells him that there are no children
allowed in the facility with the minimum
age to enter being 16.
the platform arrives and the woman
creates two plates of dishes for the
ones down below and asks them to do the
same so this way people at the lower
levels get food as well
the following days she is still trying
to convince the ones below to ration
their food but they ignore her
goring being fed up with the ignorance
of the people below tells them to ration
their food or otherwise he's going to
defecate in their food every single day
his intimidation is seemingly working
but imo guri isn't satisfied as she
thought she can persuade them to do good
without threatening them
we can see the platform coming down with
miharu on it she seems to be unconscious
so they quickly decide to help her and
get her to one of the beds
during the night miharu kills the dog
and eats it imogueri tells goring that
she selected miharu 10 months ago but
she didn't have a child
she was an actress and wanted to be like
marilyn monroe but went crazy in the
hole imo guri tells him the reason why
she decided to come to the hole
she has cancer and the day she found out
she has not much time left she decided
to spend her remaining time in the hole
trying to help on people
in the next scene we can see chefs
carefully preparing a snail escargot for
the platform at level zero
the very next day goring wakes up in
cell 202 imo guri hanged herself by the
time he woke up goring is hallucinating
about trimagase and imoguery telling him
what to do with her body and that he is
a messiah as well
they tell him a verse from the bible
that john told at the last supper
in the following days goring starts to
go completely insane he finally wakes up
from this nightmare to his new cellmate
screaming
biharit
the new cellmate has a rope with him and
he is trying to persuade the others on
top to help him get up
being on level six baharet is going
crazy about getting to the top as he has
never been so close to the surface
before
the men above agreed to help him out
getting to the top only for baharet to
find out that they let him down and he
almost fell to his death
one night goring convinces his cellmate
to get on the platform and hand out
rations every single level below them
achieving the solidarity they previously
talked about
the previous month goring made some
calculations and he believes that there
are 250 levels in the facility
the very next day they make weapons from
the metal bars of one of the beds and
get on top of the platform
on level seven they meet tua biharit's
friends they helped him out previously
with his climbing
goring refuses to hand out food to them
because the first 50 levels eat every
day
one of the men tries reaching for food
but bihar it hits him they stop on a
level where they meet an old man in a
wheelchair he supports their mission but
he also has some criticism about it
he believes that they need to send a
message to the administration because
without it their efforts would be all in
vain
they agree that the message will be a
perfectly untouched dish that gets back
to level zero
this dish is a panna cotta once they get
to level 50 they start handing out food
as they agreed to do
they pass through several levels where
nobody is alive they notice that the
platform doesn't stop if the inmates are
dead
they stop on a level where they notice
two guys beating up miharu they
immediately come to her aid killing the
two thugs
sadly they were late as miharu is
already dead one man with a katana
gravely wounds biharit they pass the
lower levels without trouble they pass
through level 250 exceeding goring's
calculations
they stop on level 333 with seemingly no
one in the room but they notice a child
under a bed
the platform leaves and goes down but
there aren't any more levels
baharet has the panna cotta in his hands
but the temperature in the cell doesn't
change
the child crawls out under the bed and
they notice that she is a girl
they decide to give her the panna cotta
ultimately failing their mission to send
an untouched dish to level zero
during the night goring has another
nightmare about trimagase telling him
wasting his place on level six
he realizes that the girl could be the
message he tries to wake biharit but he
already passed away during the night
once the platform reaches their level
the next day he climbs onto it bringing
the child with him
they float in complete darkness with the
only light source being the hole from
above
trimagase comes out of the darkness and
tells him that his journey is over
their message requires no bearer only
the girl so goring steps off
the platform ascends but we don't see
whether it gets to the top of the hole
or not
thank you for watching if you enjoyed
this video please leave a like and
subscribe
thanks